Please read: 
Chapter 3 Classes, Objects, and Variables 
p.90-94 Strings

1. What is an object?
An object is a representation of a value in memory with a unique address. Objects can be variables, definitions or functions. In Ruby everything is an object, even a number is an object.

2. What is a variable?
A variable is a symbolic name used to keep track of an object. Variables can store a known or unknow value(object). A variable is handy because it allows the name and the value to remain independant while maintaining a reference to the object.
 
3. What is the difference between an object and a class?
Classes are the defenitions or models of objects. In essence a class is a template for an object.
Objects are pieces of a class or an instance of a class.

4. What is a String?
A string is a sequence of characters.

5. What are three messages that I can send to a string object? Hint: think methods
1) Split 2) Squeeze 3) Chomp 4) Scan 

6. What are two ways of defining a String literal? Bonus: What is the difference between the two?
Preceed the string with either %q or %Q. By using %q you are specifying the use of single quotes, where as %Q says used double quotes. Double quotes support a wider range of escape sequences. 

Teacher's answers
An object is a representation in memory of a specific concept or thing that the Ruby interpreter knows about. 

2. What is a variable?
A variable is a name for a location in memory. It can contain, or point to, any type of object.

3. What is the difference between an object and a class?
An object is an instance of a class, or a specific thing of that class's type in memory. The class is the specifics that are common to all things of that type. The classification of a concept or a thing is a class. A specific thing or concept of a class's type in memory is an object. For example: All books have titles (Class). This book's title is "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" (Object). 

4. What is a String?
A string is how Ruby understands text. It is a collection of characters (Bytes), and can be created by making an instance of the String class (String.new) or as a string literal ("",'', %Q[]).

5. What are three messages that I can send to a string object? Hint: think methods
chomp! - removes newline characters, or the specified characters, from the end of a string
strip! - removes leading or trailing whitespace from a string
split  - returns an array of strings made up of the original string separated on whitespace or the specified characters or regexp

6. What are two ways of defining a String literal? Bonus: What is the difference between the two?
Single quotes ex: '' and Double quotes ex: "". The single qoutes allow for 2 escape characters: \' and \\ . The double qouted string literal allows for many different escaped special characters (like \n is a line break) and allows for string interpolation, or the injection of evaluated Ruby code into the string ex: "Hello #{my_name}". The single qouted string takes up much less memory than a doulbe qouted string with interpolation. Without interpolation, both are about the same.
