Please Read The Chapters on: 
Containers, Blocks, and Iterators 
Sharing Functionality: Inheritance, Modules, and Mixins

1. What is the difference between a Hash and an Array?
<<<<<<< HEAD
Both are collections of object references. But an array is indexed by integers while a hash is indexed by whatever kind of object you want to use. An index in a has is called a key.

2. When would you use an Array over a Hash and vice versa?
You'd use an array if the data you're storing naturally comes with integer numbers attached to it, or if you need to iterate over the data using a for loop. I think of scientific data where you're taking a sample every .1 seconds and you need to store all the data points in order. 

A hash is better for a database type of application like when you need to put in a person's name and pull up all the information associated with the person. But I just learned that Ruby remembers the order in which you entered items into a hash so you can iterate over it just like you could an array. So it seems like in Ruby you could use a hash for pretty much everything. 

3. What is a module? Enumerable is a built in Ruby module, what is it?
A module is a way of grouping together methods, classes, and constants so they can be used by other code. Modules provide a namespace so you can have methods with the same name in two different modules and use them both. 
Enumerable is a module that has a bunch of methods for dealing with collections. You can include it in a class with an iterator called each and then you have access to various operations that you can do on a collection.

4. Can you inherit more than one thing in Ruby? How could you get around this problem? 
No, you can only inherit one thing. You can get around it by using mixins. A mixin is when you include a module in a class and the class gains access to all the instance methods of the module. 

5. What is the difference between a Module and a Class?
With a class you use it to create an object which is an instance of the class and can have instance methods. You can't use the instance methods of a module unless you use it as a mixin. 
=======
An array is an ordered list of items that are referenced by their index (order), a hash is a collection of items that can be referenced by a key and have no order.

2. When would you use an Array over a Hash and vice versa?
When the items have an inherent order I would use an array, when I want to reference the items in my collection by a name or key and their order does not matter I would use a hash.

3. What is a module? Enumerable is a built in Ruby module, what is it?
A module is a way to group code that you can use across multiple classes. Enumerable is a Ruby module that provides collection functionality; iteration, searching, and sorting. It requires an implementation of the each method.

4. Can you inherit more than one thing in Ruby? How could you get around this problem?
No, multiple inheritance is not allowed in Ruby. You can include multiple modules if you wanted to mix-in different functionality into your code. Code that is related with a hierarchical nature should be subclassed (inherited). A class can only have 1 direct parent, but can have lots of ancestors.

5. What is the difference between a Module and a Class?
A class can be instantiated into an object, a module cannot. A module is code that can be used across many classes.
>>>>>>> 8475cd203003ed7e45baf4b7881552daf9656526
