Please Read: 
 - Chapter 6 Standard Types
 - Review Blocks
 - Chapter 7 Regular Expressions
 - Chapter 22 The Ruby Language: basic types (symbols), variables and constants

1. What is a symbol?
A symbols are constant names that are unique and do not need to be predecalered. Symbols begin with a :colon followed by the symbol name. Symbols are often used as keys in hashes.

2. What is the difference between a symbol and a string?
After a little research and testing it looks like symbols maintain their unique object_id and strings do not. So I'd imagine symbols are faster. Also symbols seem to be used more often as has keys to ensure their uniqueness.

3. What is a block and how do I call a block?
A blocks are code that you can associate and call with a method. Blocks can execute callbacks, pass code around or iterate. 

4. How do I pass a block to a method? What is the method signature?
Placing a block at the end of the method call.
The signature of a method is its name.

5. Where would you use regular expressions?
I might use regular expressions to match patterns in a string. Maybe I need to ensure that a URL has a certain parameter or that a phone number containes a particular set of digits.

teachers work
A symbol is a static name or identifier.

2. What is the difference between a symbol and a string?
A string is a collection of characters whereas a symbol is a static identifier. A string is not static no matter what the contents of the string are. So the strings "hello" and "hello" are two different ojects, whereas the symbol :hello and :hello are the exact same object. If you think of 1 as a FixNum or fixed number, you can think of the symbol :hello as the "FixStr" or fixed string :hello.

3. What is a block and how do I call a block?
A block is an anonymous function, or some code snipt that you can define and then call at a later time. To call a block you can use the yield keyword.

4. How do I pass a block to a method? What is the method signature?
To pass a block to a method you define the block after the method call with either the curly bracket enclosure {} or the do/end syntax. An example of passing a block to the each method of an array:

my_array.each {|a| puts a}

Any method in Ruby can take a block. You can explicitly add a block to a method by putting an ampersand & before the variable name in the method definition. An example of this would be:

def my_method(&my_block)
	my_block.call
end

5. Where would you use regular expressions?
Regular expressions are used for pattern matching and replacement with strings. An example would be if I wanted to write a syntax checker for some text that checked if each sentance ended with a period, started with a space and then a capital letter. 
